My name is David James. I'm 83 and I was born in London. Perhaps I should explain,
in 1926 the Pembroke Dockyard closed and there was a tremendous impact on
Pembroke Dock because many, many men lost their jobs. Father went to London, he
married mother, I was born and then in the dreadful blitz of 1940 our house was
blown to bits by the little man with a small mustache. Dad said, oh dear, mother
was very strong, she said we're all alive, none of us are injured, we haven't got a
house, so dad said right we will go back to our ancestral home in Pembrokeshire
because after all our ancestral home if you like in
Pembrokeshire we've lived here for 300 years so I'm nearly local. Well Pembroke
Dock where we initially intended to live, the day before we got back that house
was bombed so we had a bit of a rough time but we ended up living in a little
farm in Causheuston, the village where I now live and then just before the end of
the war in 1944 I think we moved into Pembroke Dock when I was about six. We
lived in the middle of a terrace, none of us had any money so we never locked the
front door but we had a happy life you know. I used to play with all the other
kids in the street and our big adventure was to have a den but the den was in a
bombed house at the bottom of our garden because at Pembroke Dock at the time
there were bombed houses all over the place you know. Our house was just up the
road from the beach, well the beach in a kind turn because it was a muddy
estuary you know so I was forever down there getting dirty and playing about and
looking for crabs and things that small boys do you know.